Imagine where you want to be in 5 years. 10 years. 20 years.
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen. - John F. Kennedy
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. - Thomas Edison
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. - Mark Twain
The most effective way to do it, is to do it. - Amelia Earhart
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast. - Alfred A. Montapert
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again. - Og Mandino
There's a way to do it better - find it. - Thomas Edison
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. - Benjamin Franklin
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. - Julie Andrews
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - Zig Zigler
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. Don't complain. - Maya Angelou
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living. - Nelson Mandela
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. - William Yates
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand. - Woodrow Wilson
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. - Tony Robbins
Never, never, never give up. - Winston Churchill
If you're going through hell, keep going. - Winston Churchill
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there. - Bo Jackson
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. - Jim Rohn
Motivation will almost always beat mere talent. - Norman Ralph Augustine
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it. - Oprah Winfrey
One finds limits by pushing them. - Herbert Simon
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star. - W. Clement Stone
Step by step and the thing is done. - Charles Atlas
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. - Ralph Marston
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor. - Elon Musk
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along. - George Herbert
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today. - H. G. Wells
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins. - Jim Rohn
A goal is a dream with a deadline. - Napoleon Hill
Well done is better than well said. - Benjamin Franklin
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself. - Mark Caine
Set your sights high, the higher the better. Expect the most wonderful things to happen, not in the future but right now. Realize that nothing is too good. Allow absolutely nothing to hamper you or hold you up in any way. - Eileen Caddy
The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare. - Bobby Knight
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting. - Christopher Morley
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. - Henry Ford
You must take action now that will move you towards your goals. Develop a sense of urgency in your life. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
